You let him go first
Hmph Shen Longshan
You are ordering me
Zhao Hailong, I know the strength of your Axe Gang
But I have to tell you
I, Shen Longshan, am not a vegetarian either
You better not provoke me.
With your words
I'm afraid I still don't know the true strength of my Axe Gang
What do you mean?
Do you know the Dragon Alliance?
You mean being called the number one killer in the Dragon Kingdom?
Dragon Gate led by Wu Tian
Yes, that's him.
You are related to him
I have already worshiped the sky camp as a godfather
He said he was going to blow up the Axe Gang
Although you are said to be the richest man in the Dragon Kingdom
How dare you press me
Wu Tianshuang is all about international relations
How can he look at you and not believe it?
All right, then I'll call my godfather
Let you see
Hello sea dragon
Is godfather busy?
Okay? What?
What's up?
I'm having a conflict with the richest man, the Shen family
He wants to crush my godfather
What do you say should be done?
Said that Shen Longshan was good, it was him
What the hell is he?
As long as I want
I pinched him with two fingers
Haha, how about it?
Small farmers
What else do you want to do with my godfather?